Changes for deployment_environment.yaml and api_meta.yaml descriptions and version change to v4.0.0 of APICTL artifacts (#3288)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/install-and-setup/setup/api-controller/managing-apis-api-products/importing-apis-via-dev-first-approach.md

                <td><code>api.yaml</code></td>
                <td>The specification of the created API.</td>
            </tr>
            <tr class="even">
                <td><code>api_meta.yaml</code></td>
                <td>The meta-information file of the source artifact (This includes the name and the version of the API).</td>
            </tr>
            <tr class="odd">
                <td><code>deployment_environments.yaml</code></td>

>                 <td>Specify the gateways to which the API should be deployed.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                <td>Specify the gateway environments to which the API should be deployed.</td>
```

Author: Fixed via https://github.com/wso2/docs-apim/pull/3288/commits/e07f86c39c7a5ef04b29f9f9d4044763299b3433
